I will not be reserved in the future
Even if you die
I want to die with you
What the land police said
What do I mean?
You take advantage of my woman's illness
Frustrated deception does not like waiting to be sent
I'd like to ask what you mean
Ziyang, you are divorced.
I have a normal relationship with Lan Lan
Please let her go
Don't take it again
I don't know anything about my relationship with Gangnam
I don't understand
I know you hurt him deeply
He is unhappy every day around you.
It's your fault that he became what he is now
If you really care about him
Don't appear in his life again
I thought after last time
Never have a chance
Sitting with you drinking
Siyao
You cancel the wedding
I'll help you revive four companies
We have known each other for more than ten years
Who do you think I am?
I'm really not crazier than you
From small to large
They think I'm proud of you and just want to dig you up
Treat me as your follower
But only I know
I really treat you as a brother
I'll tell you what.
I have never regarded you as a
Pass my follower
I consider you a brother
So I've never been jealous of anything from you
I have never been jealous that you are better than me
I used to be honest with you
And I still am.
Except for the future
I won't give him to you.
So did I.
Do you remember when we were in school?
Are you fighting with the gangsters from the school next door?
Carried by me once